---
title: "Active"
date: 2024-12-28
categories: HTB
tags: ["ctf", "penetration testing", "htb", "cybersecurity", "active", "htb writeup", "htb walkthrough", "hackthebox", "writeup"]
---

# Active

# Enumeration
- SMB anonymous login lists `Replication` share where `Groups.xml` resides. 
	- Seems to be a copy of `SYSVOL`. 
	- This is potentially interesting from a privilge escalation perspective as Group Policies (and Group Policy Preferences) are stored in the SYSVOL share, which is world-readable to authenticated users.
	- `Groups.xml` typically contains credentials.
- Used _nxc_ `-M spider_plus` mode to enumerate files. 
- `Groups.xml` contains the domain account `SVC_TGS` and its _CPassword_ value that is encrypted.
- Decrypted the CPassword with `gpp-decrypt`.

# Initial Foothold
- `user.txt` can be obtained from authenticating to SMB with the newly acquired credential.
# Privilege Escalation 
- Impacket's `GetADUsers` to enumerate domain user accounts. 
- Impacket's `GetUserSPNs` to kerberoast - request the TGS and extract the hash for offline cracking. 
- Search for the initial value of the hash on the Hashcat's Example Hashes page to get the mode. 
	- Administrator credential obtained.
- Impacket's `wmiexec` to get a shell as primary domain administrator, and read `root.txt`.

# Lessons Learned
- SMB enumeration techniques
	- Updated cheatsheet. 
- Group Policy Preferences enumeration and exploitation.
	- How to decrypt GPP CPassword.
- Identification and exploitation of Kerberoastable accounts.
	- `impacket-GetADUsers`
	- `impacket-GetUserSPNs`
	- `impacket-wmiexec`
